1.Customer Situation(s)
•	"I used a different product to study for my exam and I failed. I want to present the exam again but this time studying using UWorld.  I have heard many great things about your product."

Dear Customer,

Thank you for contacting UWorld Customer Care. Hope you are doing well!

We are sorry to hear that you were unable to clear your exams. We understand that you would like to know more about UWorld products. We are glad to hear that you are willing to chose uWorld products and we will assist you with the available information on this!

We would like to inform you that, UWorld provides the products and subscriptions based upon the customer requirements. We suggest you to access the below link to know more about our products and subscription plans.

Support link: www.uworld.com

We hope tha above information helps! If you have any further queries or issues regarding UWorld products, kindly reply back to this email or contact us via our support channels. We are glad to assist you further!

All the best!

Best regards,
ShivaCharan Gande



Customer Situation(s)
Our e-learning medical software product is offered in 30-, 60- and 90-day durations. The user states that she is currently enrolled in third year of medical school and is living in the Houston area. She advises that during the last few months she has had a hard time balancing her  personal life and was unable to use our software. The user also states that she is now ready to make the purchase of our medical e-learning software product.
The customer informs that she would like to request a discount for her new purchase, which we do not currently offer. The customer mentions that she would like to use our software product during the next 6 months given that the exam is scheduled for Q1 2023. 
Question(s)
•	Please summarize what are the customer’s main inquires?
•	What part(s) of this paragraph helps answer the customer’s inquires?

Please construct the introductory part of your customer response

1. Customer was looking for discount for their next purchase.
2. Second para of the Message (The customer informs that she would like to request a discount for her new purchase, which we do not currently offer. The customer mentions that she would like to use our software product during the next 6 months given that the exam is scheduled for Q1 2023. )
	


Dear Customer,

Thank you for contacting UWorld Customer Care team. Hope you are doing well!

We certainly understand that you were unable to use our software in last few month and looking to purchase our product for next 6 months. Also, we see that you looking for a discount for your new purchase. We will help you with the best available information on this.

We appreciate your interest in UWorld products. However, We afriad to inform you that. we do not have any available offers for new purchases at this moment. We suggest you to go through our website byaccessing the link below and proceed with your purchase as per the existing plans on our website.

Support link: www.uworld.com

We would have helped you for sure with a discount, if we had an option from our end. Hope you understand our limitaions on this!

We hope tha above information helps! If you have any further queries or issues regarding UWorld products, kindly reply back to this email or contact us via our support channels. We are glad to assist you further!

Happy learning! All the best!

Best regards,
ShivaCharan Gande
